docs: add autoexport tip to Go getting-started guide (#9588)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/go/getting-started.md

```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> [!TIP]
>

> > The code above uses console (stdout) exporters for demonstration. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The previous example uses console (stdout) exporters for demonstration. For
```

> > The previous example uses console (stdout) exporters for demonstration. For
> > production, you can use the

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io/pull/9588#pullrequestreview-4067205823:

This could be

```suggestion
> The previous example uses console (stdout) exporters for demonstration.
> You can use the
```
